improve event format description of m.room.encrypted events (#2413)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/event_replacements.md

        "sender_key": "<sender_curve25519_key>",
        "device_id": "<sender_device_id>",
        "session_id": "<outbound_group_session_id>",
        "ciphertext": "<base64_encoded_megolm_message>"
    }
    // irrelevant fields not shown
}
```

> ... and, once decrypted, the event might look like this:

Reviewer: Whilst in practice there might be a 1:1 correspondence between the plaintext of the megolm message and the event it represents, it might not be obvious that that's the case, and I think it's important to note that the data below is the former, not the latter. Can we find some other words to note that this is what is actually encrypted via Megolm?

```suggestion
... and the plaintext body of the Megolm message might look like this:
```

maybe?

Author: I can't think of anything else that sounds good, so will apply your suggestion 👍
